# U.S. GDP vs Homeownership Synopsis

# 1.	Does a higher GDP translate to higher homeownership in that state?
While the data shows that there is a possible relationship between GDP and homeownership, we could not prove that just because a state has a high GDP that it will also have high homeownership. In fact, the data shows the exact opposite. The three lowest GDP states had a higher homeownership percentage than the 3 highest GDP states. Through the linear regression model, we could also see that GDP did not have a direct correlation to homeownership in the majority of states we studied closely. This led us to look at a few more variables to see if there were possible correlations. 

# 2.	Do unemployment, housing prices, and median household income have a correlation to homeownership? 
The data showed us that unemployment has a direct relationship with homeownership. As the unemployment percentage goes down, the homeownership goes up. As the unemployment percentage goes up, homeownership goes down. While unemployment moves in the opposite direction of homeownership and we can see a direct correlation, we were not able to establish the same conclusion with housing prices and median household income. For example, over the past 20 years Vermont had a relatively high homeownership with higher housing prices, while California had a lower homeownership with higher housing prices. There may be some other factors that contribute to why this is, but we were unable to come to a definitive conclusion. The same goes for median household income. We saw that even though the median household income was high in certain states, the homeownership remained relatively low. As of right now unemployment seems to be the biggest factor (of the variables we researched) contributing to homeownership in the U.S. We are sure that there are other variables that affect homeownership, and given more time we would have explored some of those other variables.
